docs: make getting started instructions clearer (#206)
Learn-Build-Teach/deals-for-devs: README.md

## Getting Started

Prerequisites: Node 18.17.0

To get a development environment running on your local machine:

1. Fork the repository. Make sure to uncheck the `Copy the main branch only` option so you have access to the `dev` branch in your fork.

2. Clone the repository in a directory of your choice.

3. Create a `.env` file (from `.env.example`) and add all the credentials necessary to run the app.

> > To get those credentials, please send James (@jamesqquick) a message on Discord!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To get those credentials, please send James (@jamesqquick) a message in our [Discord community](https://discord.gg/vM2bagU)!
```
